Array in Java Assignment (Day 13)

Q 1. What is the default value of Array for different data types?
Ans  The default value of Array for different data types are as follows:-
     int - 0
     String - null
     Object - null
     double - 0.0
     boolean - false

Q 2. Can you pass the negative number in Array size?
Ans  No we cannot pass negative number as an Array size because the index
     no of an array start with zero and it will go always forward not
     backward.

Q 3. Where does Array stored in J V M memory?
Ans  In J V M array is stored in heap memory.

Q 4. What is the disadvantage of Array?
Ans  The disadvantage of Using as Array is:-
     It's static in nature i.e. ones the size of array is declared we 
     cannot increase or decrease it according to our need.
     Second disadvantage is that we can store only data of similar data
     type only ,i.e an array of particular data type cannot store the 
     value of other data type .For example int array cannot store
     string value,etc

Q 5. What is an Anonymous Array in java? Give an example?
Ans  An array which is assigned no name in the program is called 
     anonymous array.Example: - new int[]{2,3,5,2,5};
                                new String[]{"Aman","Sinha"};
                                

Q 6. What are the different ways to traverse an Array in java?
Ans  The different ways to traverse an Array is
     First by the index of the array by using for loop where i is initialized to 0 and will run till array length -1;
     for(int i=0;i<array.length;i++){
     }
     Second by enhance for loop i.e for each loop where it traverse to 
     each and every element , by only traversing to each and every element without the index.
     for(int n:array){
     }

Q 7. What is the difference between length and length() method Give an Example?
Ans  The main difference between length and length() method is that 
     length is the property of array which provides us the length of the
     array,where as length() is the function of string which provide us
     the length of the string because string is treated as class in java.
