Assigment of Computer Baics (Day 2)

Ques1. What is Computer?
Answer:- Computer is an electronic device which takes
         input from the user in the form of raw data
         from the input devices(keyword,mouse.etc).Processes
         the the data in the processing unit(C.P.U), and produces 
         the output on the basis of input data.
         
Ques2. What is RAM?
Answer:- RAM stands for (Random Access Memory).
         It is the primary memory of the computer or 
         we can say it's the main memory.It is called 
         primary memory because it is directly connect
         to the processor.what ever input data which is feeded
         to the processor is through this memory unit of the computer.
         It's very fast but is volatile i.e. it cannot store data for 
         longer period of time.
         
Ques3. Where is data stored in a computer?
Answer:- There are the unit of C.P.U
         1.C.U.(Control Unit)
         2.A.L.U(Arithmatical Logical Unit)
         3.M.U(Memory unit)
         
         So, the third component of computer which is memory unit
         stored the processed data in it.In the memory unit there are
         primarly two part 
         1.Primary Memory
         2.Secondary Memory
         
         so the Secondary Memorry Such as SSD and Hard disk store the
         data.
         
 Ques4. What is that input device used to type text and number on the document ?
 Answer:- Keyboard is the input device which is used to text and number
          in the document.
 
 Ques5. What are output Device?
 Answer:- The devices which shows the output of the processed data
          in the form of information to us are called output devices.
          For example:- Moniter, Printer, Soundbox, etc
 
 Ques6. 
 Answer:- Mouse is the input device which allows a user to move the cursor
          or pointer on the screen.
 
 Ques7. 
 Answer:- Binary languge is the langugage which is directly understood
          by the computer it consist of only two digit (0 and 1)
          where 0 sigifies no current flow in the circuit.
          and 1 signifies current flow in the circuit.
 
 Ques8.
 Answer:- Input device is the device which take raw data as an input
          from the user to send it to the processor for its processing
          .For Example:-Keyboard, Mouse,Joystick,etc.
          
          
      
      
      

         
         
