Assignment of Fundamental of Java (Day 6)

Q 1. What is Programming language?
Ans  Programming language is definite set of instructions which is given
     to a machine, or computer to perform specific task.The task performed
     depends upon the kind of input or information provided by the user,
     the task of giving input is performed by given it in language that a 
     computer or machine understands.

Q 2. Why do we need a programming language?
Ans  As we know all the processing of data happen in the processor,which is 
     made of semiconductors and consist of transistors "npn" and "pnp" this
     two transistor only detects high voltage(1) and low voltage(0).So the
     only things this transistor understand  is 0 and 1.To make them do 
     work we need to instruct them in Machine level language.So in order
     to give them instruction we need a programming language and an
     intermediate which converts High level language(Programming language) 
     to low level language(0,1).
     
Q 3. What are the features of Java?
Ans  The features of Java are as follows:-
    a.It is simple as it consists of daily used language as it's keywords 
      like in c++ such as(if, else, int, char,etc)
    b.It is object oriented programming language so it supports oops 
      features mainly classes and objects.
    c.It is secure as after compilation of java file it is converted
      into byte code which is secure and can be read by jvm.
    d.It is platform independent language and supports WORA(Write once run
      anywhere) feature  means if we write java code in one O.S we can run
      the byte code in other O.S. This architecture of java make it 
      platform independent language.
    e.It is robust i.e. it helps the develops in identifying the errors
      as soon as possible during the building of any project or program.
    f.It is case sensitive i.e. predefined thing present in upper case
      should be written in upper case and vice versa
      
Q 4. What is an Object?
Ans  Object is an entity which has State,Behaviour and Identity.Object can
     also be called an instance of class.
     
Q 5. What is a class?
Ans  Class can be defined as collection of similar object.For an example
     if we define a class of animal the the objects would be lion,tiger,dog
     elephant etc.
     
Q 6. Explain about the main()method in Java?
Ans  Method can be also called function.Method or function is block of code 
     which performs a specific task.Method has four parts 
     a.Its returntype
     b.Its name 
     c.Its parameters
     d.Its body inside curly brackets
     for ex:- int add(int a, int b){
                                int sum=a+b;
                                 return sum;
                                 }
    In java main()method is the starting point of execution of a program
    without main() program will not be compiled by the jdk or jvm tool.
      
      
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
