Assignment of Git and Github (Day 3)

Q 1. What is Git?
Ans Git is a popular version control system which was created by Linus
    Torvdds in 2005 and has been maintained by Junio Hamano.Since Microsoft
    acquired github in 2018 by investing 7.5 billion dollars in it so we 
    can say it's owned by microsoft but git hub still works independently.
    
Q 2. What do you understand by the term "Version Control System"?
Ans We can say that version control system or (V.C.S) is a controlled 
    environment setup in which what ever work or changes done to a file 
    or block of code is recorded, so that it can we recalled or used to
    keep a track on the on going project or code.It makes things easier and
    more reliable which are done in a Version Control system environment 
    because there is always a backup of the work or project stored at a 
    secured place ,other than a local environment or setup(Personal Laptop 
    or PC).
    
Q 3. What is Github?
Ans In the above sectin of VCS we discussed that the data which is recorded
    while doing a project is stored from local repository to a remote      
    repository. Github is a server which provides remote repository and it
    is the largest  host millions of repositories in the world.It is used 
    to store maintain and host project consisting of code assignment.
    
Q 4. Mention some popular Git hosting services.
Ans Some popular git hosting services are github, Gitlab, Bitbucket,etc.

Q 5. Different types of version control systems.
Ans There are basically two types of Version Control System(V.C.S)
    1.Centralized Version Control System(C.V.C.S)
    2.Distributed Version Control System(D.V.C.S)
    The main difference between between  these two V.C.S is the factor of 
    the presence of a local repository.This diffrentiate between C.V.C.S 
    and D.V.C.S .
    Central version control system consist of only one main repository 
    which is accessible in the presence of server or internet connection.
    If electricity  gone or central server get crashed nothing can be done
    to restore data
    But in Distributed version control system it consist of two repository
    Local repository and Remote repository.So if server or network is not 
    there then the work can be easily stored in local repository.And if the
    main repository currupt there is a local repository where every work is
    saved.
    
 Q 6. What benefits come with using GIT?
 Ans The benefits of using version control system like Git is that,first of 
     all it is distributed version control system ,so we the user are pro-
     vided with two repository first is local repository and the second one
     the main or remote repository.
     If sometimes the server is down or there is a network issue we can 
     easily save our work or code in the local repository.And when server
     and network become good we can easily upload our progress in the
     main repository.
     Second benifit is that there is always a backup repository for the 
     doom's day i.e. if the main server crashed we have local repository as
     a backup of our data and information.
 
Q 7. What is a Git repository?
Ans  Git repository is repository which keep the record of changes made in
     the file while working on it. We can say that when a file is brought
     to the staging area by git command git add it's actually brought to
     the git repository which I can say is the local repository present 
     in the local environment please correct me if i am wrong here.
     
Q 8. How can you initialize a repository in Git?
Ans  We can initilalize Git in a repository by first opening the file in 
     terminal(in my case since i am using linux) or we can open the file 
     which is to be initilaize in git bash . when the file is opened via
     terminal or git bash we just have to print the command git init
     git init - It is a git command which is used to initialize a repository in git
     
     
     
     Thank you Since I know touch typing its easier for me to type than writing and i have utilized two days in learning linux command and git to
     understand it properly so i am posting my assigment in git hub rahter than writing it in a peace of paper .
     
     
