Assignment of Git and Github Part-2 (Day 4)

Q 1. How to check if git is available on your system or not?
Ans  Since I am using linux I will just type "git --version" in my terminal
     since it is present it get this "git version 2.37.2" which means that
     git is present in my system.If it would not have present the i would 
     have got message "command git not found but can be installed using 
     command sudo apt install git",and i would have installed by just
     typing the command generated by my terminal.
     
Q 2. How to initialize a new Git repository?
Ans  To initialize a new git repository we would just open the terminal in 
     linux and create a new file directory where we want.We would then 
     change our file directory to the file in which we want to set up git
     repository my "cd" command.One we reached our desired file directory 
     which existed earlier or we can create a new file directory my the 
     command "mkdir" which will make a new file then we would move to that 
     file by "cd" command.
     After reaching the desired file through terminal.We would just use the
     git command "git init" which would initialize a new Git repository.
     
Q 3. How to tell git about your name and email?
Ans  One we have created a new Git repository by "git init" command in 
     terminal , we use the git command "git config" to tell our name and 
     email to git . 
     To tell username we would use command:- 
     "git config --global user.name"username"
     To tell email we would use command:-
     "git config --global user.email"useremail".
     
     To check wheter the user name and email has saved or not we can check
     it by "git config user.name" and "git config user.email".

Q 4. How to add a file to the staging area?
Ans  To add a file to the staging area we can just the git command:-
     "git add <filename>" if we want to add a single file,
     To add all the files or multiple files to the staging area we use:-
     "git add .".
     
Q 5. How to remove a file from the staging area?
Ans  To remove a file from the staging area once being added by the user 
     can be done by the git command  "git rm--cached <filename>".

Q 6. How to make a commit?
Ans  To make a commit a file from the staging area to local repository we 
     use the git command " git commit -m"message" "filename".It can also 
     be performed by the git command "git commit" but while using this 
     vim editor opens if we know how to use it then it's ok but if we don't
     know it's good to use the first github command, which I mentioned.

Q 7. How to send your changes to a remote repository?
Ans  To send the changes from our local repository to remote repository     
     i.e.(in github repository) we will first add the origin of the remote
     repository by typing git command on the terminal :-
     "git remote add origin <write url of the remote repository>"
     to check if the remote repository is connected or not we will write 
     the git command " git remote" if we get origin as output, this
     indicate that our remote repository is connected to local repository.
     Then to send our change we will use git "push" command like this:-
     "git push origin master"
     Then our changes will be pushed to the remote repository. We can see 
     the changes by opening the repository whose url we have mentioned.
     
Q 8. What is the difference between clone and pull?
Ans  The git clone and git pull command us used when we want to pull the 
     work or code present in the remote repository or github repository.
     The main difference between these command is that 
     git clone command:- "git clone <url of the github repository>" copies
                          all the data or code present in the git repo 
                          whose url is mention, On the file of the git     
                          repsitory from where this command has been used.
               where as,
     git pull command only copies the recent changes made in that 
     repository .
     
     
     Thank you Since I know touch typing its easier for me to type than writing and i have utilized two days in learning linux command and git to
     understand it properly so i am posting my assignment in git hub rather than writing it in a peace of paper .
     
