Assignment of Java Variables and Data types (Day 7)

Q 1. What is statically typed and Dynamically typed Programming Language?
Ans  Statically Typed :- It is a programming language in which the user
                         has to mention the datatype of the variable
                         before sending it for compilation or else the 
                         compiler will throw compilation error.
                         for ex :- int a=5;
                         here variable a is assigned a datatype int.
                         the language which are statically typed are:-
                         Java, c++,c,etc.
     
     Dynamically Typed :-It is a type of programming language in which 
                         the user need not to specify the datatype to the
                         variable it has created.The datatype is being 
                         automatically created after compilation dynami-
                         cally. for ex s=5;
                         here variable s is assigned no datatype but it
                         will not throw compilation error. the language
                         which support this are python, javascript , etc.

Q 2. What is a variable in Java?
Ans  Variable is the name of the memory location which is used to store a 
     data. With the name of memory location we also have to specify what
     type of data it store, in java we can allocate datatype to variable
     by just writing the datatype before the variable name.
     The syntax of writing variable name in java is 
     datatype variable_name = value;
     eg: - int num1=23;
     
     
Q 3. How to Assign a Value to Variable?
Ans  To assign a value to variable first we have to write the datatype 
     of data which we want to store in that variable.In java we can      allocate datatype to variable by just writing the datatype before the variable name.
     eg :- char alphabet= 'A';
     
Q 4. What are Primitive Data types in Java?
Ans  Primitive data types are the predefined data types which are not 
     defined by the user. The example of predefined datatypes are as 
     follows:-
     int
     byte
     long
     short
     float
     double
     boolean
     char.
     
Q 5. What are the Identifiers in Java?
Ans  Identifiers are the name given to 
     Class
     method
     interface
     package
     variable 
     given by the user.
     
Q 6. List the Operators in Java?
Ans  Operators are special set of symbol which performs specific set of 
     tasks which include arithmatics , logical, relational etc .
     example:- +,-,*,/,==,% etc.
     
Q 7. Explain about increment and Decrement operators and give an example?
Ans  Increment and Decrement are unary operators which requires only one
     operand to perform the increment and decrement operation with 
     the operand. 
     Increment Operator is (++) : it is used as (++a) which is 
                                  pre increment and (a++) is a example of
                                  post increment.
                                  
     Decrement Operator is (--) : it is used as (--a) which is pre 
                                  decrement and (a--) which is post 
                                  decrement example.
     
     
