Assignment of String in Java  (Day 14)

Q 1. What is a String in Java?
Ans  A String is collection of character or series of characters enclosed
     in double quotes.
     For example:-"Amansinha","13532","Aman2950",etc.
     
Q 2. Types of String in Java?
Ans  In Java there are basically two types of things :-
     Immutable String:- String whose value cannot be changed if we try to
                        change its value then a new object is created in
                        the heap area.
     Mutable String:- String whose value can be changed are called 
                      mutable string.
                      
Q 3. In how many ways can you create string object in java?
And  In three ways we can create string object in java
     a.By using String class(immutable string)
       Syntax :- String variable_name="data";
       example:- String name="Aman Sinha";
       
     b.By using "new" keyword
       Syntax :- String variable_name=new String("data");
       example:- String name=new String("Aman Sinha');
       
     c.By using Character Array
       Syntax :- char ch[]={'d','a','t','a'};
                 String variable_name=new String(ch);
       example:- char ch[]={'A','m','a','n'};
                 String name=new String(ch);
                 
Q 4. What is a String Constant Pool?
Ans  String Constant Pool(SCP) is a memory area which is present inside 
     the Heap memory area . If a String object is created without using
     the "new" keyword" the objected created is stored inside SCP(String
     constant  Pool) which is present inside the Heap area.
     One Specilization of SCP is that duplicates are not allowed inside
     it,i.e. if two string have the same value , then both the string
     point the same memory location of that value.
     
     
Q 5. What do you mean by mutable and immutable object?
And  Mutable Object:-
     The object whose value can be changed once it is created inside the
     the heap memory area is called mutable object.
     Immutable Object:-
     The object whose value cannot be created once  it is created inside
     the heap memory area is called immutable object.If try to change
     the value of object then a new object will created of that
     changed value but would not be reffered by the object.
     
Q 6. Where is exactly the String Constant Pool(SCP) located in the
     memory?
And  The string constant pool is located inside the heap area in the 
     in the memory.
     If the String object is not created by using the "new" keyword then
     the object is created inside the string constant  pool(SCP) inside
     the heap memory area.
     example:- String s1="Pwskills";
     here "Pwsills" is stored in SCP inside heap memory area.
     
     If "new" keyword  is not used to create the string object then the 
     object is created outside the SCP in the Heap Memory area.
     Example:- String s2=new String("Pw");
     here "Pw" is stored in heap memory area not in SCP.
     
     
      
